(yawns)
I can't believe he
called us out this early.
Not cool, Pervy Sage!
Probably because he wants
us to get way stronger
before Urashiki
attacks us again.
We don't have any choice here.
(grumbles)
First of all, is there
really even time to train?
I think so. The
guy's super cautious.
If he messes up once,
then he won't come back at
us right away, you know?
Oh yeah?
You sure know a lot about him.
Yeah. Kinda.
But I'm just repeating
what Sasuke told me.
Well, anyway, if you're a Ninja,
then you should have told me
that right from the beginning.
A traveling performer, my butt!
Oh, sorry.
You may know who I am now
but this is still
a secret mission.
So I couldn't just blab
my identity to everyone.
I have good reasons for that.
Well, guess it can't be helped.
Now, you said that
Urashiki guy wants
to take the Nine Tails' Chakra
that's inside of me, right?
Yeah.
And preventing that from
happening is the mission
we're on.
Well that doesn't change that
we're training to
bring him down.
All right.
I'll trust you.
Okay.
Ah, ha!
So you guys are finally here.
All right, then, shall we
get started on your training?
(opening theme music)
"Jiraiya's Assignment"
Now, listen up.
That guy who calls himself
Urashiki is enigmatic
and he's very strong.
We know that his
target is Naruto.
And since he knows who you are,
we're gonna have to work out a
countermeasure to thwart him.
That's why we're training, huh?
Okay.
But why do I have to
train with Boruto?
Well, for some reason,
your chakra natures
are extremely similar.
What, they are?
(grumbles)
I wonder why that is.
I noticed that in
battle earlier,
Naruto's chakra was somehow
synchronized with yours.
Usually synchronizing chakra
with someone else
is very difficult.
Let's just get the
hell out of here.
Okay?
(struggles)
Therefore, I'm gonna have
the two of you guys train
so that you'll be able to
consciously synchronize
your chakra with each other.
Our chakra will be synchronized?
Yeah.
If we can get both
of you to synchronize
then we might get a
Collaboration Jutsu
that's never been seen before.
Something like that
might catch Urashiki
totally off guard, right?
Oh yeah.
Oh man.
That sounds great.
So what kind of jutsu
are we talking about?
Is it way stronger
than the Rasengan?
I have no idea at all.
-What?!
But it might become clearer
as you train to synchronize.
So first of all, let's get
your bodies moving together.
Let's do this.
Yeah.
Hard. Isn't it?
Come on.
Let's try it again.
What the hell?
We can't do it at all.
Hey, are you even
trying to do this right?
What did you say?
Maybe you're the one who can't
even infuse Chakra properly.
Hey, no fighting.
Look, there aren't even
many jonin who are able
to synchronize their
chakra effectively.
So what are we
supposed to do then?
To synchronize,
picture aligning your chakra
wavelength to your partner's
as you infuse your own chakra.
Of course that's
easier said than done.
You got to sense your
partner's chakra.
Breathe in unison, match
it's flow and power.
And then on top of all that,
change it's chakra nature.
It's very difficult.
So the main thing we
have to do is figure out
how to match our flow and power.
Right?
Unlike Naruto, you're
quick to catch on.
That's exactly what you do.
Hey, I knew that.
Come on.
Even I worked that out.
Anyway. Flow and power.
If you can't breathe in unison /\é
you won't be able to
synchronize your chakra either.
Since this is
something intuitive
there's no other way to learn it
except by just doing it.
So we just have to
breathe in unison?
Okay then. That'll
be a piece of cake.
Hey, let's try it again.
Okay.
What's wrong?
It's nothing.
Damn it!
Again.
It's not working.
(snorring)
Huh? Oh that wasn't
just a little catnap.
Man, I was out like a light.
Oh.
Were you able to synchronize?
Huh?
Come on.
Just give us a hint at least.
Let's see.
All right.
When you to infuse chakra,
what are you visualizing?
Huh? What am I visualizing?
I picture a
gathering in my palm.
Ah, I see.
You're able to do the Rasengan.
Yeah, but...
Huh? Wait, you can do it too?
How can you?
Where did you learn it?
Huh?
Well...
All right, come on now.
There's no need to pry.
You probably have some secret
that you don't want
to tell us, right?
Yeah.
Huh?
Wait.
But how is the Rasengan related
to the rest of this stuff?
Of course, if we're trying
to synchronize our chakra
we should concentrate
on a single point.
Like with the Rasengan.
It'll be easier to match
our flow and power.
That's right.
Okay. What does
that mean exactly?
It means that up
until this point,
we've just been blindly trying
to get our chakra to synchronize
but that only makes it easier
for our strength to scatter
instead of combining.
With the Rasengan, you
gather highly dense chakra
at a single point in your palm.
So that should be an easier
way for you to approach this.
I get it.
And that means...
Not that again.
A ball?
You got to go back to the
basics to make this work.
Hold on.
Isn't Rasengan training
supposed to begin
with a water balloon?
Yeah, but we can
already do the Rasengan.
So all we really need to
do is practice getting
our rotation and
powering unison.
Unlike Naruto, you're
quick to catch on.
That's sure to be a big help.
Actually, I was just about
to say the very same thing.
Oh, really?
Step one is to create flow.
That is, you two
want to have rotation
and power at the same time.
Just like you did in
Rasengan training.
So if you can break that
ball, you've done it.
Just leave it to me.
Yeah, let's do this.
Damn it.
Come on.
At least now we know
what to visualize.
So I'm sure we can do it.
All right.
I've taught you the technique.
Now your job is to practice
getting your breathing
into harmony with each other.
That'll be key.
Huh? Where do you
think you're going?
I've got an errand to run.
Just keep at it, okay?
He's probably going to peep.
Anyway. Let's keep going.
Yeah.
Breathing in unison
is easier said than done.
I wonder what'll happen.
(intense music)
(ball streaching)
Again.
Come on.
Hey. Get in sync with me.
You're all over the place.
That's why we can't do it.
Come on, again.
(ball streaching)
(Naruto growling)
Let's just take a
little break, okay?
No way.
Not yet.
I'm not just gonna give up.
Not for this.
I got to get stronger
to bring my friend back.
I can't afford to stop now.
I get it.
My bad.
I'm out of chakra.
Listen, are you all right?
(gasp)
Sorry.
No.
Listen. Can we take a
little break please?
Damn it.
Why'd I do that?
Why am I such a horrible person?
And now, I don't have anyone
I can talk to about this.
(attack yells)
That voice.
Not even close.
Mom and
Uncle Neji?
You've really improved,
Lady Hinata.
And it's all thanks to
you training with me,
Big brother Neji.
But despite that I
have a long way to go.
Not so.
You've grown much stronger.
Your spirit was
already quite strong
and your body's catching up.
Thanks so much for saying that.
Well, let's call it a day.
Please stay and at
least have some tea.
You're from the
Hyuga main family.
I'm from the branch family.
For appearances sake,
you really shouldn't
treat me as an equal.
I'm sorry.
Perhaps we can have tea
after my next mission.
Okay, brother Neji.
Uh oh!
Why have you been
loitering here?
So you knew all along?
Of course I did.
Lady Hinata might
not have noticed
but to me you were
right in plain view.
I see.
Why are you so
formal with my mo-
I mean Lady Hinata?
She's the heir to the
Hyuga Clan's main family.
I'm from the branch family.
She's like my lord.
But she calls you
big brother, right?
Yes. We were raised
together like siblings.
I've often told her
not to call me that
but Lady Hinata
just won't listen.
Did something happen?
Ah, I see.
So Naruto did that.
Has that sort of thing
happened before with him?
Without details,
I can't be sure.
But it's not the first time
his power's gone out of control.
What, really?
A power like that
with so many unknowns.
That's the reason why it appears
that he's always been a loner.
Do you feel pity for Naruto?
Well, I mean wouldn't
anyone feel the same way?
You've got it wrong.
Don't simply write him off as
someone who should be pitied.
No one can decide
your fate except you.
What?
Naruto personally
taught me that.
He did?
Really?
Long ago,
I used to curse the fate
that had been given to me.
Simply by being born
into the branch family,
I'd never be considered an
equal in the Hyuga clan.
Then my father passed away.
I resigned myself to accepting
I'd never escape my destiny
of being from the branch family.
But then,
the one who beat that twisted
cowardice out of me was him
who'd also had a terrible
fate forced upon him.
I told you.
I just don't know
when to give up.
Why bother?
Why fight a hopeless battle,
trying to defy your destiny?
Because people
called me a failure.
If you think it's futile
to fight then don't.
Just stand there and take it.
I'll change the way
of the Hyuga Clan
when I become Hokage.
I didn't know that happened
between Dad and Uncle Neji.
Even right Naruto is
fighting his fate.
A cruel lonely destiny
of harboring a dangerous
power inside his body
since his birth.
A truly heartless fate
that could pit him against
his friend to the death.
You mean?
What am I doing?
I think that I've said too much.
This isn't like me.
To think I'd say all this
to a traveling performer
whose name I don't even know.
Perhaps it's because you
kind of remind me of Naruto.
Anyway he doesn't need pity
or to be looked down upon.
It's natural to be afraid
of power that's so immense,
but I think facing him head
on and moving forward with him
will allow your
strength to grow.
Thank you so much for that Neji.
I'm going to head
back now, you know?
Right.
I should have asked
what his name is.
(hawking wares, haggling)
Oh, there you are.
Listen. Can I ask you
to do me a little favor?
Would you mind taking
them something to eat
after they train?
And why ask me?
I can't seem to
find your companion
and I have to go get
some things ready.
I'm counting on you.
-Hey.
-All right then.
Make sure that you
bring it to them.
Hey, you're going to
catch a cold out here.
Huh? Mr.
So are you upset,
because you ended
up hurting Boruto?
I mean it's not like you
hurt him on purpose, right?
No, of course not.
But that isn't
quite good enough.
If I let Nine
Tails take me over.
Mr.
Do you have a friend
that's important to you?
I do.
I have this one friend
although he's actually
more than that.
He's really a rival right now.
'Cause we feel differently
we fought and went
our separate ways.
But still I can't
just abandon him.
He probably thinks it's
none of my business
and I'm just being a pest.
So you're saying all the
training you're going through
with Jiraiya is for him?
I've got to get
stronger no matter what
so that I can talk to
Sasuke just one more time,
but it's hopeless.
I lost control and
ended up hurting Boruto.
At this rate.
Let me tell you a
story about my friend.
Long ago, to reach a
goal he chose a path
that separated him
from his friend.
He believed he had to sever
all his bonds to become strong.
He didn't understand the truth.
More like he didn't
try to understand.
But he had a good friend
who thought about
him more than anyone.
No way.
So what happened to that guy?
His friend finally knocked
some sense into him
and never once gave up on him,
even though others
would have done so.
And that friend never
went back on his word.
I guess that he really
just hated losing.
A sore loser, huh?
I got to say, I can
kind of relate to that.
You know?
I'll bet.
So tell me in the end,
were the two of those guys
able to laugh together?
They were.
Well, then I can't be
sitting here whining
about something like this.
Oh! Ow!
Thank you, Mr.
(upbeat music)
I won't let that friend
of yours outdo me.
I'm gonna get a lot stronger,
strong enough that I
can protect Boruto too.
Oh, what is your name anyway?
I can't tell you.
Come on.
Meanie.
Listen, after you eat,
makeup with Boruto and
continue your training.
All right.
You got it.
Hey, when we first met, I
couldn't really figure out
just what your deal was,
but you're a nice guy, Mr.
You think so?
All right.
I'm getting fired up.
Oh man.
I'm so exhausted again,
Lady Tsunade's such
a strict teacher.
No, this is all to
make me stronger.
Oops. I'm sorry.
Wait. You're that
traveling performer.
Be more careful.
Hey, wait.
Wait, this is...
Hey there.
What's up?
I merely wanted to
express my gratitude.
I have to say you've been
awfully kind to Naruto
even though you just met him.
He just reminds me of
someone I knew in the past.
Yes, of course.
I see. I see.
In the past, huh?
Sorry. But I'm in a hurry.
Oh, and by the way, do you
happen to be Sasuke Uchiha?
(closing theme music)
Hey, so why did your friend
leave the village anyway?
To obtain power and
avenge his clan.
Sasuke said that
he'd get stronger
if he severed our bond
and experienced pain.
Next time on Boruto.
Naruto next generations.
A village without Sasuke.
I've just got to get stronger
so I can get Sasuke
to open his eyes.
Or else...
(closing theme music)